Refer to master branch in PRs (#304)
Hochfrequenz/BO4E-python: README.rst

Contributing
============
Contributions are welcome.
Feel free to open a Pull Request against the master branch of this repository.
Please provide unit tests if you contribute logic beyond bare bare business object definitions.

> For business objects please provide a roundtrip test that shows that your code is serializable and deserialable.

Author: ```suggestion
For business objects please provide a roundtrip test that shows that your code produces serializable and deseriazable objects.
```
